Hermes Business Messaging Gateway
=================================

Proven Solution to Automate B2B Transactions
--------------------------------------------

Hermes Business Messaging Gateway is a proven open-source solution for
enterprises to automate business transactions with business partners
through secure and reliable exchange of electronic documents (e.g.,
purchase orders). Hermes is secure; it allows you to encrypt and
digitally sign the documents for transmission. Hermes is reliable; the
sender can automatically retransmit a message when it is dropped in
the network and the receiver can also guarantee every message is
delivered once and only once, and in the right order.

EDI over the Internet
---------------------

`Electronic Data Interchange (EDI)
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_data_interchange>`_ was
developed as the de facto standard for organizations to exchange
information electronically on private networks. EDI is running on
private networks and based on a cryptic protocol, which makes
implementation complicated, expensive, and inflexible. These
disadvantages limit the EDI usage to very large organizations
only. Hermes is designed to use the Internet, Public Key
Infrastructure (PKI), and XML technologies to replace the EDI as a
more affordable and flexible solution. Hermes supports mainstream
business-to-business (B2B) transport protocols, such as `ebXML Message
Service 2.0 (ebMS 2.0)
<https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/tc_home.php?wg_abbrev=ebxml-msg>`_
and `Applicability Statement 2 (AS2)
<http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4130.txt>`_. (The `ebMS 3.0 / AS4 support
<https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/tc_home.php?wg_abbrev=ebxml-msg>`_
is currently under development.).

Unified and Extensible B2B Messaging Framework
----------------------------------------------

Hermes unifies different transport protocols into a single B2B
messaging model. With this unified model, you can easily develop an
enterprise application to exchange electronic documents with trading
partners via different transport protocols. Designed to be extensible,
Hermes provides the Simple Plug-in Architecture (SPA) for developers
to implement new messaging protocols as plug-ins conforming to the
unified B2B messaging model. Most importantly, Hermes is open-source;
you can freely extend Hermes and integrate it with other systems to
meet your own business needs.

World-Wide Adoption
-------------------

Hermes has been adopted by many commercial and government
organizations to implement mission-critical systems all over the
world. For example, Hermes has been adopted by the Hong Kong
Government to implement the Government Electronic Trading Services
(GETS) gateway. Everyday, the GETS gateway supports the Government to
exchange tens of thousands of trade documents (e.g., trade
declaration) with companies who import and export goods through Hong
Kong.

Technical documents
-------------------
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   quickstart
   installation
   configuration
   application
